replace slug of semgrep-cloud-platform with semgrep-appsec-platform (#1525)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-ci/sample-ci-configs.md

4. Commit the updated `config.yml` configuration file into the `/.circleci` folder in the target repository.
5. The Semgrep job starts automatically upon detecting the `config.yml` update.

> The sample configuration provides jobs for both full scanning and [diff-aware scanning](/docs/semgrep-ci/running-semgrep-ci-with-semgrep-appsec-platform/#diff-aware-scanning), which scans only changed files in PRs or MRs. You do not need to create any other jobs.

Author: ```suggestion
The sample configuration provides jobs for both full scanning and [diff-aware scanning](/deployment/customize-ci-jobs#set-up-diff-aware-scans), which scans only changed files in PRs or MRs. You do not need to create any other jobs.
```
